# Stepful take home assignment

A simple rails app for scheduling calls between coaches and students. As configured it expects to have a local postgres database with username and password stepful/stepful and a `seed.rb` file is provided to create some example users and calls.

Once the server is up and running a user can log in by entering the id of one of the seed users for testing. Users are represented by the `User` model which uses single table inheritance to represent two subtypes, `Coach` and `Student`. The `User` model validates the presence of a `name` and `phone` field in wither case. The other main component of the data model is the `Call` model. A call must have a `Coach` and may optionally have a `Student`. This optionality is used when a coach initially enters their availability, before a student has booked a call. Calls must also have a `start` datetime and may not overlap with the other calls belonging to the same coach however there is currently no validation to prevent a student booking overlapping calls with different coaches. The overlap validation assumes that calls are always 2 hours long.

A new user should be redirected to the [login](http://127.0.0.1:3000/login) page where the id of one of the test users can be entered to log in. Users 1, 3, and 5 are coaches, users 2 and 4 are students. Once logged in a user is redirected to the `/scheduled` page where they can see any calls they have scheduled with a student. The `/availability` page shows the times when the coach is available for a call that have not yet been claimed by a student and provides a link to add new availability.  
